Added examples and docs for nft mint, send, burn (#532)
iotaledger/iota-sdk: documentation/sdk/docs/how_tos/nfts/03_burn_nft.mdx

---
title: Burn NFT
description: 'How to burn NFT'
image: /img/logo/iota_mark_light.png
keywords:
- how to
- burn
- nft
- nodejs
- python
- rust
---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";
import RustCode from "!!raw-loader!../../../../../sdk/examples/how_tos/nfts/burn_nft.rs";
import NodejsCode from "!!raw-loader!../../../../../bindings/nodejs/examples/how_tos/nfts/burn_nft.ts";
import PythonCode from "!!raw-loader!../../../../../bindings/python/examples/how_tos/nfts/burn_nft.py";

> This How-To will show you how to mint nft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This How-To will show you how to burn an NFT.
```

> :::tip Sync Options
> 
> If you want to list incoming transactions you need to specify that in your `sync` call. 
> Transactions for outputs that you synced before with other sync options, will not be requested later.
> Also only transactions that weren't pruned on the point of syncing will be listed.
> 
> :::tip

Reviewer: Not interesting here
```suggestion
```
